First pass at ADR 16: Monorepo Tooling (#990)
zooniverse/front-end-monorepo: docs/arch/adr-16.md

# ADR 16: Monorepo Tooling

Created: July 3, 2019

## Context

When we first started the rebuild, @rogerhutchings set it up as a monorepo. The idea being that there are benefits to separating our code between multiple apps and packages:

  - We can reuse code more easily
  - Error boundaries are built-in (if we break one thing, we don't necessarily break everything)
  - To make changes to one thing, we don't need to recompile and rebuild _everything_ in development, at least

> ...but that working across multiple repos can be pretty tedious: adding a feature which requires changes to more than one package requires multiple pull requests to different repos, for example. So Roger set it up as a monorepo using Lerna. This started out fine, but we hit some issues in the development of Planet Hunters TESS:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Working across multiple repos can be pretty tedious: adding a feature which requires changes to more than one package requires multiple pull requests to different repos, for example, and publishing updated packages in the correct order. So Roger set this project up as a monorepo using Lerna. This started out fine, but we hit some issues in the development of Planet Hunters TESS:
```

  - `styled-components` wasn't collect styling from symlinked dependencies, causing a FOUC on initial render: https://github.com/zooniverse/front-end-monorepo/issues/327

>   - Adding the `@zooniverse/standard` package broke the build because Lerna wasn't correctly linking it up: https://github.com/zooniverse/front-end-monorepo/pull/958

Reviewer: Something that's been puzzling me: why does the linter break a production build?

Author: The production build script was doing a standard `npm install` without the `--production` flag. I _had_ added the `NODE_ENV=production` envinronment variable, but it seemed to be ignored (possibly as the install command was being run in a subshell? not bash-savvy enough, but I thought they inherited their environment). I started noticing the broken linking locally too, but transiently 🤦‍♂ see https://github.com/zooniverse/front-end-monorepo/issues/953

Author: Also, the way the build process is set up, we'd have to install the build dependencies for the `lib-` folders, as we need to build a production version of the libraries for the apps to use.
